Content Updates from Edify - First 10 files (#2237)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/library/architecture/opentofu-terraform-compatibility.md

# Compatibility with OpenTofu and Terraform

All code in the Gruntwork IaC Library is compatible with:

- All versions of [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org/)
- HashiCorp Terraform versions up to and including v1.5.7

## Reason for the split

For additional context, refer to the blog post [The Future of Terraform Must Be Open](https://blog.gruntwork.io/the-future-of-terraform-must-be-open-ab0b9ba65bca).

## What's special about HashiCorp Terraform v1.5.7?

> Version 1.5.7 is the final release of HashiCorp Terraform, licensed under the MPLv2 open-source license. Versions up to and including v1.5.7 remain MPLv2 licensed and continue to function.

Author: ```suggestion
Version 1.5.7 is the final release of HashiCorp Terraform, licensed under the MPLv2 open-source license. Versions up to and including v1.5.7 remain MPLv2 licensed and thus can continue to be used with Gruntwork.
```

## What if I want to use a version of Terraform above v1.5.7?

> Gruntwork advises all customers to adopt [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org/) as a "drop-in" replacement for HashiCorp Terraform. We will prioritize development of OpenTofu releases, test for compatibility, and provide full support for any issues related to our modules and OpenTofu.

Author: ```suggestion
Gruntwork advises all customers to adopt [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org/) as a "drop-in" replacement for HashiCorp Terraform. We will prioritize development with OpenTofu releases, test for compatibility, and provide full support for any issues related to our modules and OpenTofu.
```
